.TH "Songwrite" "1" "0.10" "Jiba (Lamy Jean-Baptiste)" ""
.SH "NAME"
.LP 
Songwrite \- A tablature editor
.SH "SYNTAX"
.LP 
songwrite [<\fIfilename...\fP>]
.br 
songwrite \fI\-\-help\fP
.br 
songwrite \fI\-\-version\fP
.br 
songwrite \fI\-\-play\fP [<\fIfilename...\fP>]
.br 
songwrite \fI\-\-playloop\fP [<\fIfilename...\fP>]
.br 
songwrite \fI\-\-songbook\fP <\fIsongbook_title\fP> <\fIsong_filenames...\fP>
.br 
songwrite \fI\-\-convert\fP <\fIformat\fP> [\-\-output <\fIoutput_filename\fP>] <\fIfilename\fP>
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.LP 
Songwrite is a tablature (guitar partition) editor, with playing and printing ability. Songwrite is coded in Python and uses Tk (Tkinter); it relies on Timidity to play midi and on GNU Lilypond for printing.
.SH "OPTIONS"
.LP 
.TP 
\fB\-\-help\fR
Output help information and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-\-version\fR
Output version information and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-\-play <\fIfilename\fP>\fR
Play <\fIfilename\fP> and exit.
.TP 
\fB\-\-playloop <\fIfilename\fP>\fR
Play <\fIfilename\fP> in loop (stop it with C\-c or kill).
.TP 
\fB\-\-songbook <\fIsongbook_filename\fP> <\fIsongbook_title\fP> <\fIsong_filenames...\fP> \fR
Create a postcript songbook with the given title and songs.
.TP 
\fB\-\-convert\fR <\fIformat\fP> [\-\-output <\fIoutput_filename\fP>] <\fIfilename\fP>
Opens no window, and converts Songwrite file <\fIfilename\fP> into <\fIformat\fP>. <\fIformat\fP> is one of: lilypond, latex, ps, asciitab, midi. <\fIoutput_filename\fP> is deduced from <\fIfilename\fP> and <\fIformat\fP> if not given.
Several \fB\-\-convert\fR can be given. Use \fB\-\-output\fR \fI\-\fP for STDOUT (not available for ps).
.SH "FILES"
.LP 
\fI~/.songwrite\fP 
.SH "AUTHORS"
.LP 
Jiba (Lamy Jean\-Baptiste) <jiba@tuxfamily.org>
